taxes in the military work exactly the same as they do outside the military.
The one caveat, I would say is that they're certain states that
you can. Then you can claim his resident of that. You will not pay
state income taxes. All you have to have done this essentially been
stationed in that state. So if your in flight school, getting a driver's
license in Florida will allow you to claim residents in Florida
and therefore you will not be any state income tax if you are married,
then the than your spouse can claim residents in that state, too.
Uh, and if you're living in California after subsequently have been
somewhere else, state tax paying California will generally be returned
to the spouse because they the idea is that they were forced
to be in California due to military service. So there's some perks that
their cover other states that can't recall has your income taxes
well